NAME
    GPS::Lowrance - Connect to Lowrance and Eagle GPS devices

REQUIREMENTS
    The following non-standard modules are required to use this
    module:

      Carp::Assert
      GPS::Lowrance::LSI
      Parse::Binary::FixedFormat
      Win32::SerialPort or Device::SerialPort

    To extract trails or waypoints you will need the following
    modues:

      Geo::Coordinates::DecimalDegrees
      Geo::Coordinates::UTM
      XML::Generator
      GPS::Lowrance::Trail

    If you want to use the screen capture or icon download functions,
    you also need the following module:

      GD

    This module should work with Perl 5.6.x. It has been tested on Perl
    5.8.2.

  Installation
    Installation can be done using the traditional Makefile.PL or the
    newer Build.PL methods.

    Using Makefile.PL:

      perl Makefile.PL
      make
      make test
      make install

    (On Windows platforms you should use nmake instead.)

    Using Build.PL (if you have Module::Build installed):

      perl Build.PL
      perl Build
      perl Build test
      perl Build install    

SYNOPSIS
      use GPS::Lowrance;
      use GPS::Lowrance::Trail;

      $gps = GPS::Lowrance->connect(
                Device     => 'com1',
                BaudRate   => 57600,
              );

      $trail = $gps->get_plot_trail( plot_trail_number => 0 );

      $gps->disconnect;

DESCRIPTION
    This module provides a variety of higher-level methods for communicating
    with Lowrance and Eagle GPS receivers.

    This is an experimental module with only a partial implementation to
    read data from the device.  It is documented, however.

    More detailed information can be found in the POD.

    Examples can be found in the "eg" directory in this package.
    
REVISION HISTORY
    Changes to this package since v0.30:

    0.31  Fri 16 Apr 2004
	- GD::Convert is a recommended module
	- importing nothing from XML::Generator in GPS::Lowrance::Waypoints

    A detailed revision history is in the Changes file included with
    this distribution.

CAVEATS
    This is a beta version of the module, so there are bound to be some
    bugs. In the current form it is also far from complete.

    I am also working with authors of other GPS::* modules to standard-
    ize the interface and input/output formats.  There may well be
    major changes in future versions.

    See the module documentation for a complete list of Known Issues.

  Compatability
    This module should work with all Lowrance and Eagle devices which
    support the LSI 100 protocol.  It has been tested on the following
    model(s):

      Lowrance GlobalMap 100 (same as Eagle MapGuide Pro?)

    If you have tested it on other models, please notify me.

AUTHOR
    Robert Rothenberg <rrwo at cpan.org>

COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
    Copyright (C) 2004 by Robert Rothenberg <rrwo at cpan.org>.

    This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
    under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.8.2 or, at
    your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.
